README.md, before:

# Work-day-planner

## Description



## What was your motivation?
- This assignment is a cultivation of everything I learned so far.
- After learning about js from scratch, it was about time for me to combine my HTML and CSS skills, and create something that combines these 3 languages together.

## Why did I build this project?
- I use google forms frequently, and never really thought about how much work was put into something like that.
- Although mine is mediocore compared to google, I established a firm foundation on what is needed.
- Moving forward, I will always be thinking about the back-end side of things when looking at a website.

## What problem does it solve?
- Linking 2 html pages and js files was quite difficult in the beginning.
- Although I scoured the web, I didnt fully understand what I was seeing or reading. It wasnt until I had a tutoring session where I was able to speak with someone 1-on-1 to fully grasp linking multiple html and js files together.
- I needed more hands-on practice, and I am glad that I sought help rather than looking at something I did not understand.

## What did I learn?
- Javascript is still a hard language to learn. I have only scratched the surface, but I look forward to applying shortcuts such as jQuery. I was not able to use it for this project, but my next project can only get better!
- Also, pathing is a huge part of making sure the pages load properly on gitHub. Although my original pathing worked locally, pushing to the hub gave it a lot of trouble. "./" and "../" makes a HUGE difference.
    

## Link to URL
https://dn-vanguard.github.io/Work-day-planner/

## Screenshots
![] ()

Commit message:

readme.md was updated and other files were cleaned and comments were added.

README.md, after:

# Work-day-planner

## Description
This planner gives typical 9-5 worker to implement their notes to keep track of what to do for the work hours.

## What was your motivation?
- I really wanted to utilize 3rd party API's.
- After learning about js from scratch, it was surprising to know that their were easier ways to code in js.

## Why did I build this project?
- As someone who likes to stay on schedule, I wanted to create an application where I can track my progress of what to do for the day.
- I built the interface to be as simple as possible and to visually see if the time has passed or not.

## What problem does it solve?
- I ran into using 3 party languages errors.
    - Because I got confortable with vanilla javascript, learning other formats to code was quite difficult to understand and implement.

## What did I learn?
- Overall, building this application was an amazing experience, and continually learning more js is always a good challenge for someone who wants to enter into the tech industry.
    

## Link to URL
https://dn-vanguard.github.io/Work-day-planner/

## Screenshots
This photo was taken on June 10, at 5:14am
(A previous photo was taken, but did not show the color scheme of the times, therefore, retook screenshot and uploaded to readme file)
![planner_Mockup](assets/images/planner.png)
(**Note: the photo above shows the time at 5AM, and is only intended to show the color scheme of the current time.
However the code has been updated to view as a 9-5 schedule starting at 9:00AM as shown in the picture below.)
![work_schedule](assets/images/workSchedule.png)
